It's reasonable to hit my son
I'll do the math first
Really? Do what you want?
Even a hundred times a thousand times the repayment, arrest him first
Yes
Who dares to touch him?
What do you want?
He's someone you can't afford to touch
What? He's the one we can't afford?
Of course wait
You said you knew him
Hahaha, Zhou Yi Wu recruited himself
So you are with this waiter
Is he really a caterpillar?
Tell me about it.
Do you think the commander-in-chief will know a waiter?
What? He's fake?
Emperor, I'd better follow you
You are the best man in the world. Go away
You bitch
How dare you pretend to be the messenger of the war commander?
It caused me to have a conflict with the king
Miss Lin, don't worry.
Whether I'm fake or not will be confirmed later
Still installing
Pretend or not, you will know the arrival of the Dragon God of War later